♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC) ♪
FAGGOT!!
YOU HIT ME!
YOU GAVE ME INADEQUATE
INFORMATION.
YOU MADE ME LOOK LIKE A
POLITICAL PYGMY ON NEWS NIGHT.
YOUR JOB, UNLESS YOU WEREN'T
CONCENTRATING, IS TO MAKE ME
LOOK LIKE I KNOW WHAT I AM
BLOODY WELL TALKING ABOUT!
YOU'RE OUT OF
ORDER, KATHERINE!
SORRY, BUT GOOD GRIEF!
AND YOU'RE SACKED!
NO WONDER THIS PARTY
HAS BEEN INEFFECTIVE
FOR THE LAST TEN
MILLION LIGHT YEARS.
YOU CAN'T SACK ME, AND FRANKLY
I'D APPRECIATE AN APOLOGY,
OTHERWISE...
OTHERWISE?
IF WE'RE TO MAINTAIN
A MATURE, GROWN-UP
WORKING
RELATIONSHIP, THEN...
OH...
SWIVEL.
YOU'LL GET USED TO HER.
WILL I, SIR?
MUST I?
I THINK AT SOME POINT IT WILL
BECOME NECESSARY, YES.
♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC) ♪
KATE! KATHERINE!
JOHN.
LAST NIGHT YOU
WERE DELIGHTFUL.
SOD OFF.
NO, REALLY.
THREATENING TO RIP
PAXMAN'S BALLS OFF
AND AIR MAIL THEM TO
ZIMBABWE. IT WAS INSPIRED.
IT WAS BENEATH ME.
YOU WERE ANGRY.
I WAS INADEQUATELY
INFORMED.
THESE THINGS HAPPEN.
HAVE YOU GOT A
FEW MINUTES?
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT IN HERE,
THE KITCHEN SINK?
SEVERAL.
SORRY, I'M BUSTING. WOULD YOU
MIND CHECKING IN WHILE I, UH..?
THAT BOY THERE,
THE GORGEOUS ONE...
I WANT YOU TO UPGRADE HIM
AND PUT HIM NEXT TO ME
ON THE FLIGHT. CAN
YOU DO THAT FOR ME?
WILL YOU STAND
FOR LEADERSHIP?
I MIGHT DO.
I THINK EVERYONE WOULD BE
SURPRISED IF YOU DIDN'T.
YOU'D HAVE MY SUPPORT.
WOULD I?
JUST AN OBSERVATION.
GO ON.
WHILST I HAVE EVERY FAITH
IN YOUR TALENTS AND ENERGY
AND COMMITMENT, WHILST THE
ELECTORATE OFTEN APPRECIATES
A CERTAIN... ECCENTRICITY IN ITS
LEADERS, TO GET THE SUPPORT
YOU'D NEED WITHIN THE
PARTY THERE MAY BE THE ODD
LIFESTYLE ISSUE THAT MAY
BE PERTINENT TO ADDRESS.
LIKE WHAT?
YOU KNOW HOW
STUFFY THEY CAN BE.
LIKE WHAT?
HAVE YOU EVER
CONTEMPLATED MARRIAGE?
WHO TO?
ANYONE.
SWIVEL.
GREAT PLAN, I SAID.
FANTASTIC IDEA.
JUST ONE TINY PROBLEM
YOU'VE OVERLOOKED.
WHO'S GONNA WANT TO GET
SHACKLED TO A GORGON LIKE YOU?
EXACTLY.
MUMMY!
DARLING! HOW
WAS MILAN?
SIZZLING.
KATHERINE.
MOTHER.
KATHERINE'S
GETTING MARRIED.
REALLY? GOOD
LORD, WHO TO?
WE HAVEN'T
DECIDED YET.
I HAVE SPENT
SO MUCH MONEY.
GOOD, THAT'S
WHAT IT'S FOR.
RICH PEOPLE HAVE A DUTY
TO THROW IT AROUND.
IT KEEPS THE
ECONOMY MOVING.
DOESN'T IT,
KATHERINE?
KATHERINE'S GONNA
BE PRIME MINISTER.
IS SHE?
NO, SHE'S GOTTA BECOME
LEADER OF THE OPPOSITION FIRST
AND FOR THAT SHE NEEDS
TO GET MARRIED APPARENTLY.
YOU SHOULD GET
MARRIED, KATHERINE.
PEOPLE THINK YOU'RE
SO FRUMPY AND PECULIAR.
DID YOU SEE ME ON
NEWS NET LAST NIGHT?
NO, YOU SHOULD
HAVE TOLD ME!
I DID. I LEFT
A MESSAGE.
I'VE HAD SIX PROPOSALS
THIS WEEK.
AW, IS THAT ALL?
SLIPPING,
AREN'T YOU?
WELL, IT IS ONLY TUESDAY.
ANYONE INTERESTING?
NO, JUST
THE REGULARS.
ALTHOUGH I DID MEET
SOMEONE ON THE PLANE.
REALLY?
COULDN'T UNDERSTAND A
WORD HE SAID, BUT SO SWEET.
ANYWAY, I INVITED
HIM AROUND.
HE'S GOING TO TEACH
ME TO SPEAK ITALIAN.
YOU ARE SO NAUGHTY.
(LAUGHTER)
EXCUSE ME, MADAM.
THE COUPLE BY THE WINDOW HAVE
ASKED FOR YOUR AUTOGRAPH.
THEY EMPHASIZE THAT
IF IT'S ANY IMPOSITION...
THAT'S FINE, I CAN...
NO, SORRY... IT'S
BANG OUT OF ORDER.
WHAT IS?
DON'T SIGN ANYTHING.
WAITER: I APOLOGIZE.
I CAME OUT FOR LUNCH WITH MY
SISTER WHOM I RARELY SEE.
OF COURSE!
WE DON'T NEED TO BE PESTERED
BY PEOPLE WHO DON'T EVEN
DAMN WELL KNOW US -
THEY JUST THINK THEY DO.
WAITER: I'M
SORRY... PLEASE...
STOP IT.
WAITER: SORRY.
NO... THANK YOU.
SORRY.
KATHERINE, JUST
SIT DOWN.
SIT DOWN, KATHERINE, FOR GOD'S
SAKE. EVERYBODY'S LOOKING.
♪ (OMINOUS MUSIC) ♪
(PHONE RINGING)
KATHERINE
MINOLA'S OFFICE.
IT'S YOUR SISTER.
TELL HER I'M
NOT HERE.
SHE SAYS TO TELL
YOU SHE'S NOT HERE.
YOU DIZZY TWIT.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW THAT'S GOING TO BE
SPLASHED ALL OVER THE NEWS
TOMORROW MORNING,
DON'T YOU?
IS THAT WHAT YOU
RANG TO TELL ME?
THEN GET LOST,
YOU PUNKER.
NO, I'VE ARRANGED A
PARTY TOMORROW EVENING
AND I WANT
YOU TO COME.
I DON'T DO PARTIES.
I'M GOING TO NEW
YORK NEXT TUESDAY.
I'M GOING TO BE
GONE FOR TWO WEEKS.
BE NICE TO SEE
YOU BEFORE I GO.
PROPERLY.
RIGHT, WELL, UM...
I'LL SEE
WHAT I'M DOING.
BUT...
BYE BYE.
BUT IT'S UNLIKELY.
SO HOW IS SHE?
BONKERS?
I DON'T KNOW
WHY YOU BOTHER.
SHE'S PROBABLY NOT
EVEN YOUR REAL SISTER.
DO YOU WANT TO
KNOW WHAT I THINK?
NOT REALLY.
I THINK THERE WAS A MIX UP AT
THE HOSPITAL WHEN SHE WAS BORN.
DO YOU?
I THINK THERE'S THIS
NORMAL BABY, RIGHT?
AND THEN THERE'S THIS
TROGLODYTE DONKEY BABY.
HARRY...
HAVE I ASKED YOU TO
MARRY ME RECENTLY?
NO, NOT SINCE
BREAKFAST TIME.
WHAT DO YOU
SAY? COME ON.
I KNOW I MAY NOT BE AS GORGEOUS
AND TO-DIE-FOR AS SOME OF THEM,
BUT I DO HAVE PERSONALITY,
WHICH AS WE ALL KNOW
IS NOT SOMETHING
MONEY CAN BUY.
I DON'T WANT TO
SEE YOU ANYMORE.
(DOORBELL).
ARE YOU EXPECTING
SOMEONE?
LUCENTIO.
WHO'S LUCENTIO?
THAT BOY I MET
ON THE PLANE.
I'M HERE TO SEE
BIANCA MINOLA.
SORRY, I MUST GET MY EARS TESTED
BECAUSE I COULD HAVE SWORN
THAT YOU JUST SAID...
I DON'T NEED A MANAGER
LIKE YOU ANYMORE.
I HAVEN'T DONE
FOR SOME TIME.
I'VE OUTGROWN YOU
AND I THINK IT'S TIME
YOU STOPPED
FOLLOWING ME AROUND.
WHY HAVE YOU GOT AN
11-YEAR-OLD COMING TO SEE YOU?
HE'S 19 AND HE'S GOING TO
TEACH ME TO SPEAK ITALIAN.
CAN YOU LET HIM IN
AS YOU... LEAVE?
HELLO SIR.
NO, I'M SORRY. I'M NOT GOING
TO WALK AWAY LIKE THIS.
YOU CAN'T DO
THIS TO ME.
YOU'VE... FOR 12 YEARS.
WE'RE PRACTICALLY ENGAGED.
THE NUMBER OF TIMES I'VE
ASKED YOU TO MARRY ME -
THEY MUST COUNT
FOR SOMETHING.
YOU WILL NEVER FIND
ANYONE ELSE LIKE ME.
I AM UNIQUE.
I AM THE RIGHT PERSON FOR
THE JOB OF MARRYING YOU.
I'VE GOT NO INTENTIONS OF
GETTING MARRIED TO YOU OR TO...
I'LL GET MARRIED
WHEN KATHERINE DOES.
YOUR KATHERINE?
THAT'S JUST NOT
GONNA HAPPEN, IS IT?
ISN'T IT?
WELL, WHO'D
MARRY HER?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
GET RID OF ME.
HELLO.
SO, WOULD YOU
LIKE A DRINK?
SO, HOW DO I SAY
I WANT YOU TO...
MAKE MY PIP SQUEAK
IN ITALIAN?
♪ OH, THE GOOD LIFE FULL OF
FUN SEEMS TO BE THE IDEAL ♪
♪ YES, THE GOOD
LIFE LETS YOU HIDE
ALL THE SADNESS
YOU FEEL ♪
♪ YOU WON'T REALLY
FALL IN LOVE,
FOR YOU CAN'T TAKE
THE CHANCE ♪
♪ SO BE HONEST... ♪
(POUNDING ON
THE DOOR)
HARRY!
OH, YOU'RE IN!
I THOUGHT YOU
WERE IN AUSTRALIA.
NO, THEY
THREW ME OUT.
WHAT FOR?
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
HAVE YOU BEEN
IN A CAR CRASH?
NO, NOT RECENTLY.
(LAUGHTER)
HOW ARE YA?
UH, I'M...
GOOD. ME TOO.
DO YOU MIND
IF I, UH...?
NO, HELP YOURSELF.
SO, BACK IN ENGLAND.
TOYING WITH THE IDEA OF SETTLING
DOWN, GETTING MARRIED.
WHY?
MY FATHER DIED.
NO. REALLY? I'M SORRY,
I HAD NO IDEA.
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO LEAVE
SOME MONEY AND HE DIDN'T,
THE OLD... LOVE.
SORT OF BACKWARDS
AND FORWARDS.
I WAS PUTTING ABOUT
THAT HE LEFT ME LOADED.
BUT IT DIDN'T CUT MUCH ICE
WITH INLAND REVENUE.
ARE THEY STILL
AFTER YOU?
SO I'VE COME TO WIVE IT
WEALTHILY IN PADUA.
REALLY?
DON'T KNOW ANYONE TO
FIT THE BILL, DO YOU?
RICH.
THEY DON'T NEED TO BE ANYTHING
ELSE, REALLY. JUST RICH.
A FEMALE PREFERABLY.
WHAT ARE YOU
THINKING?
NO, I COULDN'T INFLICT
THAT, EVEN ON YOU.
HAVE YOU GOT
SOMEONE IN MIND?
NO.
OH, WELL.
YOU COULDN'T LEND ME
$54 GRAND, COULD YOU?
NO.
ALRIGHT THEN.
ONWARDS AND UPWARDS.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I DON'T KNOW - CHINA?
WAIT A MINUTE,
I KNOW A...
WHAT?
WAIT... MIND IF I LIE
DOWN FOR A MINUTE?
I HAD A BIT OF A BAD
NIGHT LAST NIGHT.
HANGOVER?
NO, NO, I'M FINE.
NO, NO, YOU
DON'T LIE DOWN...
YOU NEVER LIE DOWN!
ON YOUR FEET!
YOU'VE GOT TO FIGHT
IT ALL THE WAY!
YOU'VE GOTTA GRAB IT BY THE
JUGULAR, SLAP IT ON THE FACE,
KICK IT IN THE BALLS!
YOU GET DRESSED,
YOU GO OUT, YOU GET FRESH
AIR, YOU EAT DONUTS.
YOU GIVE IN ONCE AND IT'LL
THINK IT CAN WALK ALL OVER YOU
EVERY TIME. YOU'VE GOTTA
BE FIRM AND STRONG.
YOU'VE GOTTA DEAL WITH IT THE
WAY YOU DEAL WITH A WOMAN.
WHAT, BY KICKING
IT IN THE BALLS?
TWELVE YEARS...
TWELVE YEARS.
THEN - AND THIS IS WHAT MADE
ME SMILE VAGUELY EARLIER ON
WHEN YOU WERE GOING ON
ABOUT GETTING MARRIED -
SHE SAYS "I'LL GET MARRIED
WHEN KATHERINE DOES".
THIS IS HER SISTER.
BIANCA'S SISTER?
KATHERINE. MINOLA... YOU
MUST HAVE SEEN HER.
ON THE TELLY.
SHE'S AN MP.
THIS KATHERINE IS LOOKING
FOR A HUSBAND, IS SHE?
NO. I DON'T KNOW,
IT WAS A JOKE.
IS SHE RICH?
THE IDEA IS SHE'S
TRYING TO GET ON.
SHE'S A BIG DEAL,
POTENTIALLY, A VERY BIG DEAL.
YOU CAN'T NOT
HAVE HEARD OF HER.
SHE'S BAD TEMPERED,
ON THE TELLY.
SHE PROBABLY INVENTED
THE INLAND REVENUE.
FACE LIKE A
BUSTED SHOE.
EVERYONE THINKS SHE'S A DYKE, OR
MAD, OR HITLER, OR SOMETHING.
BUT... MONEY.
I ASSUME SO.
SO WHEN CAN
I MEET HER?
NO.
SHE'S AN UGLY, BAD TEMPERED,
PUERILE, VIOLENT,
SAD, STRANGE, SCREW-UP
WITH PROBLEMS.
I LIKE HER MORE
AND MORE.
AND, SHE'S A VIRGIN.
BIANCA TOLD ME.
38 YEARS OLD
AND STILL A VIRGIN.
THAT'S HOW
BAD IT IS.
THAT'S GOTTA TELL
YOU SOMETHING.
THAT'S NOT WHAT
YOU WANT, IS IT?
NOT THESE DAYS.
IF I PROPOSED
TO HER...
JUST DON'T GO THERE. NOT
EVEN FOR A GOLD MINE.
PLEASE, HARRY. THOU
KNOWS NOT GOLD'S EFFECT.
ARE YOU
EATING THAT?
EXCUSE ME.
CHRIS WADLOW, ROBERT HODGES,
AND ANN MULLEN ALL RANG TO
CONGRATULATE YOU ON HAVING
PUT YOUR NAME FORWARD
TO THE COMMITTEE AND TO
OFFER YOU THEIR SUPPORT.
ANYONE ELSE?
NOT YET. PAUL FOX RANG TO
SAY YES, HE IS HAPPY TO BE
PUT FORTH FOR THE TAX LAW
REWRITE JOINT COMMITTEE
BUT IN FUTURE CAN YOU
NOT USE THE "F" WORD
ON HIS ANSWERING
MACHINE AT HOME
AS HE'S GOT A VERY
SMART 4-YEAR-OLD.
KEITH ASPINAL'S OFFICE RANG TO
SAY THAT HE'S NOT A TRUMPED UP,
LOUDMOUTHED, ILLITERATE
NORTHERN GIT AND IF YOU
CALL HIM THAT AGAIN IN PRIVATE
OR OTHERWISE HE'LL SUE YOU.
AND HARPER'S & QUEEN RANG
TO SAY FOLLOWING YESTERDAY'S
WIDELY REPORTED INCIDENT
AT THE RESTAURANT
COULD THEY INTERVIEW
YOU FOR AN ARTICLE ABOUT
SIBLING RIVALRY AMONGST
THE RICH AND INFLUENTIAL.
THANK YOU, I'LL
DEAL WITH ALL THAT.
AND YOUR MOTHER'S HERE,
SHE'S ON HER WAY UP.
MY MOTHER?
WHO THE HELL
LET HER IN?
SECURITY.
ON WHO'S AUTHORITY?
MINE. SHE'S
YOUR MOTHER.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
MY MOTHER LOOKS LIKE.
SHE COULD BE A TERRORIST
FOR ALL YOU KNOW.
CAN I GO HOME?
YEAH, GET LOST.
(KNOCKING)
MRS. MINOLA,
COME IN.
KATHERINE! BIANCA'S VERY KEEN
FOR YOU TO COME TO HER PARTY.
WHY?
SHE WORRIES ABOUT
YOU. SO DO I.
FORCING ME TO LIVE
IT UP WITH A BUNCH OF
OVERPAID COKE-SNORTING
ANOREXICS
IS GOING TO MAKE YOU
BOTH FEEL BETTER, IS IT?
HAVE YOU THOUGHT ANY MORE
ABOUT GETTING MARRIED?
THAT WAS A JOKE.
BUT YOU'RE STANDING
FOR THE LEADERSHIP,
IT'S BEEN ON
THE NEWS.
THE TWO THINGS AREN'T
IRREVOCABLY LINKED.
IT NEEDN'T BE A
JOKE, WHY SHOULD IT?
APART FROM THE FACT THAT
NO ONE'S EVER ASKED ME
AND THAT I'VE NEVER BEEN OUT
WITH ANYONE TO SPEAK OF?
I DON'T KNOW,
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
MAYBE IT'S AN OPTION
I SHOULD CONSIDER.
YOU DON'T...?
WHAT?
SHOP AROUND THE
CORNER, DO YOU?
NO.
BECAUSE SOME
PEOPLE THINK YOU DO
AND IF YOU GOT MARRIED
THEY WOULDN'T.
NEXT TIME SOMEONE
ASKS ME TO MARRY THEM
I'LL BEAR
THAT IN MIND.
GOOD.
COME ON. I'VE GOT A CAR
WAITING DOWNSTAIRS.
NO, I'VE GOT PHONE
CALLS TO MAKE.
FIVE MINUTES.
JUST SHOW YOUR FACE
FOR FIVE MINUTES.
YOU CAN'T LOSE YOUR TEMPER
AND MAKE A FOOL OF YOURSELF
IN FIVE MINUTES.
I CAN.
♪
YOU'RE MAD.
EVEN IF THE BITCH FROM
THE BLACK LAGOON IS HERE,
WHICH IS UNLIKELY, WHAT ARE
YOU GOING TO SAY TO HER?
BECAUSE I'M NOT GOING
TO INTRODUCE YOU.
COME ON!
50 QUID SAYS YOU
WON'T GET HER LOOKING.
WON'T WANT TO
ONCE YOU CLAP EYES
ON THE OLD TROUT.
EXCUSE ME.
KATHERINE! GET BACK HERE
NOW AND APOLOGIZE!
YOU WILL NOT DO
THIS TO MY GUESTS!
HE JUST OFFERED TO
SHOW HER A FEW CHORDS
AND SHE SMASHED THE
GUITAR OVER HIS HEAD.
ANY TIME ANYONE'S
NICE TO HER
SHE THINKS THEY'RE
TAKING A LICK!
OH, GO TO HELL! ALL OF
YOU. AND STAY THERE!
IS THIS HER?
KATE!
KATHERINE!
I PREFER KATE.
DO YOU?
IT SUITS YOU, KATE.
KATE.
MY SORT OF KATE.
KATE, KATE.
AND YOU ARE?
I'M GOING TO
MARRY YOU.
ARE YOU INDEED?
IF I CAN HELP IT.
YOU SEE SOMEONE YOU NEVER
CLAPPED EYES ON BEFORE
AND IN A FLASH
YOU JUST KNOW.
RIGHT THERE IN
FRONT OF YOU.
REALLY? WELL, IT'S BEEN A
DELIGHT AND A PLEASURE
AND I CAN THINK OF NOTHING
FINER THAN SPENDING
THE REST OF MY LIFE WITH
A CERTIFIABLE LUNATIC!
I DO HAVE THINGS TO DO, SO
IF YOU WILL EXCUSE ME...
I DON'T WANT TO ALARM YOU BUT
THE DOORS AREN'T OPENING.
WHAT? OH.
DON'T DO THAT.
(ALARM)
NOW YOU'VE REALLY
BUGGERED IT UP!
HAVE I? SORRY.
HAVE YOU GOT A MOBILE?
- NOPE.
DAMN.
GIVES US TIME TO GET
TO KNOW EACH OTHER.
MAY I PUT MY CARDS
ON THE TABLE?
PLEASE DON'T.
HELLO!
THERE'S SOMETHING
REALLY VERY...
WHAT?
AROUSING ABOUT THE WAY YOU MOVE
YOUR LIPS WHEN YOU SNARL.
EXCUSE ME?
TALK.
WHAT?
SAY SOMETHING.
OH, FOR GOD'S SAKE. DID MY
MOTHER PUT YOU UP TO THIS?
NO, I WAS JUST
THINKING OF SEX.
THE KIND OF THING
PEOPLE SHOW OFF ABOUT.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
ARE YOU
THREATENING ME?
NO, I'M JUST POINTING OUT THAT
SOME PEOPLE MIGHT REGARD THIS -
IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES -
AN IDEAL OPPORTUNITY TO UM,
GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER.
YOU AREN'T MAKING
LEWD THREATS.
NO, I WAS HAVING LEWD THOUGHTS,
NOT MAKING LEWD THREATS.
WELL, DON'T!
DON'T WHAT?
HAVE LEWD THOUGHTS,
NOT ABOUT ME.
THAT'S NOT WHAT
I'M HERE FOR.
IT'S OFF THE MENU, DO
YOU UNDERSTAND?
OH, KATE.
KATHERINE!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW TEMPTING
YOU ARE TO A MAN LIKE ME.
YOU DO THAT AGAIN,
I'LL HIT YOU BACK.
HARDER.
KATE.
MISS MINOLA.
I LIKE EVERYTHING
YOU DO.
ABOUT YOU.
AND I'M SERIOUS! I
WANT TO MARRY YOU.
WHO ARE YOU?
OTHERS CALL YOU HORRIBLE,
DISGUSTING, AND OBNOXIOUS.
YOU'RE NOTHING OF THE
KIND. YOU'RE PLUCKY.
YOU'RE FUN,
YOU'RE EXCITING.
I DON'T THINK I'VE
EVER THOUGHT ABOUT
WHAT MY KIND OF
WOMAN WAS BEFORE.
KATE?
I'LL LEAVE YOU TO IT.
THE CONCIERGE CALLED
TO SAY THE LIFT WAS STUCK
AND DID WE KNOW ANYONE
WHO MIGHT BE IN THERE.
THIS IS KATE.
YEAH, WELL, WE'VE MET.
WE'RE GOING
TO BE MARRIED.
IN YOUR
DREAMS, MUSH.
DON'T PAY ANY ATTENTION TO HER;
SHE CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF ME.
WE AGREED TO KEEP
QUIET ABOUT IT IN PUBLIC.
REALLY?
I'LL BOOK THE REGISTRY,
UH, AS SOON AS I CAN.
THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.
RIGHT, YOU DO THAT.
BYE, BE IN TOUCH.
OKAY.
KISS ME, KATE!
UP YOURS, WEIRDO.
I THINK SHE LIKES ME.
DON'T TELL ME I HAVE
TO BE NICE TO THEM
IN ORDER TO GET
THEM TO VOTE FOR ME.
I HAVE INTEGRITY AS WELL
AS BEING THE SHARPEST
TOOL IN THE SHED, AND IF
THEY CAN'T APPRECIATE THAT...
JUST ROUND THEM UP AND
REMIND THEM THAT LAST TIME
WE HAD A WOMAN IN CHARGE
WE ACTUALLY WON ELECTIONS.
I DO WANT TO
FRIGHTEN THEM, YES.
THANK YOU, BYE.
BLOKE 'ROUND TO SAY YOU'RE
HAVING LUNCH WITH HIM.
SORRY, WHO?
HE DIDN'T SAY. SAID YOU
MET HIM AT BIANCA'S PARTY.
HE'LL BE BY THE BANDSTAND IN
ST. JAMES PARK IN FIVE MINUTES.
ALRIGHT, THANK YOU.
OH! OH!
WATCH WHERE YOU'RE
GOING! MORON.
IDIOT.
COME ON!
FORGET IT.
KATE!
SORRY ABOUT
THAT.
FETCH!
YOU TOSSER.
YOU'VE GOT A
PROBLEM, BALDY OX?
COME ON! YOU
WANNA GO, DO YOU?
COME ON!
KIDS, EH?
ARE YOU
STALKING ME?
NO, BUT I'D LIKE TO.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I WANT YOU TO HAVE
ALL MY BABIES.
YOU DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT ME.
I KNOW ENOUGH.
I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT YOU.
WHAT DO YOU
WANT TO KNOW?
SO HOW MUCH DO YOU
OWE THE REVENUE?
$54 GRAND
PLUS INTEREST.
THAT'S WHY I WENT TO AUSTRALIA
- TIL I GOT BOOTED OUT
FOR NOT HAVING
A WORK PERMIT.
I'M NOT A FRAUDSTER.
I'M NOT. I'M JUST
APPALLING WITH MONEY.
JUST LIKE MY OLD MAN - HE
WAS FAMOUS FOR IT. WELL,
HE WOULD HAVE BEEN IF HE'D
BEEN FAMOUS FOR ANYTHING.
SO, IT WAS A JOKE,
YOU KNOW?
WANTING TO MARRY SOMEONE RICH -
EXCEPT IT WASN'T, NOT ENTIRELY.
AND THEN, CLANG.
IT TOOK ON A VERY
DIFFERENT COMPLEXION.
WELL, YOU MIGHT BE SURPRISED
TO LEARN THAT THIS IS
THE FIRST OFFER OF
MARRIAGE I'VE HAD ALL WEEK.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
THIS WEEKEND?
I'M TRYING TO RUN A LEADERSHIP
CAMPAIGN AT THE MOMENT, WHY?
HAVE YOU GOT A CAR?
WHY?
I WAS THINKING I'D
SHOW YOU THE HOUSE.
IT'S A DUMP, THOUGH. BE
WARNED. IT WAS LAST TIME
I SAW IT, I CAN'T IMAGINE
IT'S IMPROVED ANY.
I SHOULD SELL IT. IF I
HAD ANY SENSE I WOULD.
I DON'T THINK ANYONE IN THEIR
RIGHT MIND WOULD BUY IT.
ANYWAY, I
GREW UP HERE.
SO DID MY
ANCESTORS.
FOR 300 YEARS -
15, 16 GENERATIONS,
EACH ONE MORE
FECKLESS THAN THE LAST.
IT'S A WONDER
WE SURVIVED.
BUT WE HAVE, AND I
DON'T WANT TO SELL IT.
BUT YOU CAN'T
AFFORD TO KEEP IT.
NOT UNLESS I MARRY
EXTREMELY WELL.
WE USED TO PLAY
FOOTBALL IN HERE.
ONE SPRING MY DAD
FILLED IT WITH PIGS.
PIGS?
HE BOUGHT
THESE PIGS...
HE WAS DRUNK, HE'D HAD
A WIN ON THE HORSES.
HE'D MAKE MILLIONS
WITH THESE PIGS.
EXACTLY HOW,
HE NEVER SAID.
THEN WHEN HE GOT BORED OF
THEM, I THINK WE ATE THEM.
WHAT ABOUT
YOUR MOM?
WE DIDN'T NEED HER.
SHE CLEARED OFF.
WHEN?
WHEN I WAS SIX.
WHERE DID YOU
GO TO SCHOOL?
LOCAL COMP WHERE I
USED TO GET PICKED ON.
STILL, IT WAS
CHARACTER BUILDING.
PROBABLY.
I SHOULD SELL IT AND GET THE
INLAND REVENUE OFF MY BACK.
STILL HAVE PLENTY OF CHANGE
AND STILL HAVE A TITLE.
YOU'VE GOT A TITLE?
OH, YES. I'M THE 16TH
EARL OF CHARLBURY.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
I AM A GENTLEMAN.
HOW ABOUT SOME TAKE-AWAY?
YOU'D HAVE TO PAY FOR IT.
HOW WAS NEW
YORK, BIANCA?
BIG.
HOW'S THE ROMANCE?
WE'RE VERY
MUCH IN LOVE.
YOU MUST BE LOOKING
FORWARD TO THE WEDDING.
WELL, WE'RE NOT
QUITE THERE YET.
NOT YOU, LOVE.
YOUR SISTER.
I'M SORRY?
KATHERINE'S WEDDING ON SATURDAY
TO THE EARL OF CHARLBURY.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE WEARING YET?
THIS ISN'T A JOKE, IS IT?
NOT AS FAR AS I'M
AWARE, SIR. NO.
HAVE YOU MET HIM?
NO.
BUT HE
DEFINITELY EXISTS?
WELL, I ASSUME.
SOMEONE HASN'T SENT
THESE OUT AS A PRANK
TO EMBARRASS HER, TO
MESS UP THE CAMPAIGN?
THEY'VE DEFINITELY
COME FROM HERE?
OH, YES! YES, I CHOSE
THE DESIGN FOR HER.
SO, WHAT'S HE LIKE?
WELL, AS I SAID, I'VE NOT...
WHAT'S SHE SAID
ABOUT HIM?
NOTHING MUCH, JUST THAT
SHE'S GONNA MARRY HIM.
CONGRATULATIONS!
KATHERINE, I HAD NO IDEA.
OH. WELL, NO.
NEITHER DID I.
HOW DO YOU MEAN?
IT'S ALL BEEN
RATHER SUDDEN.
DOROTHY AND I WOULD
BE DELIGHTED.
SHE ADORES WEDDINGS; SO
DO THE GIRLS. WHAT A TREAT.
THE EARL OF CHARLBURY.
YES.
DO I KNOW HIM?
HOW THE HELL
WOULD I KNOW?
I JUST WONDERED
WHERE YOU FOUND HIM.
I MEAN, WHERE
YOU MET HIM.
HE'S ATTRACTIVE AND
HE PROPOSED TO ME.
OH, WELL, THAT'S
VERY GOOD NEWS.
IS IT GOOD, OR IS ALL
OF IT MAD, REALLY?
MAD? IT'S A STROKE
OF GENIUS.
GENIUS?
I THINK SO, YES.
WHAT ARE YOU
GAWPING AT?
WHY DIDN'T YOU RING ME
AND TELL ME ABOUT IT?
SHE WANTED TO
SEE YOUR FACE.
NO, I JUST COULDN'T
BE BOTHERED.
SO, WHAT'S HE LIKE?
ECCENTRIC,
OVERWHELMING.
HE TALKS TOO MUCH.
HE HITS PEOPLE - WHEN
THEY GET IN HIS WAY.
I THINK HE
SOUNDS DELIGHTFUL.
YOU SHOULD MARRY
SOMEONE WITH A TITLE.
IT'S ALL SO BORING.
I SHOULD MARRY
SOMEONE WITH A TITLE.
ISN'T IT ALL A
BIT SUDDEN?
YEAH.
I THINK IT'S ALL
VERY ROMANTIC.
AND HE JUST ASKED
YOU TO MARRY HIM?
YEAH.
JUST LIKE THAT?
AND DO YOU TRUST HIM?
OF COURSE SHE DOES!
WELL, I THINK WE SHOULD
OPEN SOME CHAMPAGNE!
GOOD IDEA, DARLING.
WHEN ARE WE
GOING TO MEET HIM?
AT THE WEDDING
I SUPPOSE.
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
50 QUID, FAIR
AND SQUARE.
I TAKE MY HAT OFF TO YOU,
YOU SAD IDIOT.
I NEVER THOUGHT
YOU'D SEE IT THROUGH.
I CAN'T DO IT.
OKAY...
OKAY. OH GOD!
RIGHT, UM...
BETTER THAT YOU
SHOULD SAY IT NOW.
HONESTLY, I DON'T
THINK YOU REALIZE
WHAT YOU'D BE LETTING
YOURSELF IN FOR.
IF EVER THERE WAS A FACE THAT
COULD TURN MILK SOUR...
I MEAN NOT DRESSED
LIKE THIS.
OH!
SO...?
NO. YOU CAN'T.
IT'S YOUR
WEDDING DAY!
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
NOT EVEN TO HER!
ESPECIALLY NOT TO HER!
SHE'S A POLITICIAN.
SHE'S ALMOST THE LEADER OF
THE OPPOSITION FOR GOD'S SAKE!
I'M NOT GONNA
LIE TO HER.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
SERIOUS ABOUT THIS WOMAN.
I AM.
I AM, AND THERE'S THINGS ABOUT
ME SHE NEEDS TO KNOW.
(PHONE RINGING)
HANG ON, DARLING.
HANG ON.
WHERE THE HELL
ON EARTH IS HE?
I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD
ASSUME HE'S NOT COMING.
QUARTER
PAST 11:00.
I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD
ASSUME THE WORST.
HE COULD HAVE
HAD AN ACCIDENT.
ANY NUMBER OF THINGS
COULD HAVE HAPPENED.
OH, HELL!
CALM DOWN.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
ALL VERY ODD.
WHAT?
YOU'VE ONLY KNOWN
HIM FIVE MINUTES
WHY GET MARRIED?
WHY NOT JUST...?
KATHERINE!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE ONLY A BRIDESMAID!
KATHERINE!
HE'S PROBABLY
NOT WORTH IT!
(PHONE RINGING)
YES?
HE'S HERE,
HE'S COMING!
TURN AROUND.
QUICKLY...
NOW!
♪
OH, MY GOD.
I'M SORRY.
I KNOW YOU WANT TO KILL ME BUT
TRAFFIC WAS ALL SNARLED UP
AND WE WERE STUCK
THERE FOR AGES... SORRY.
AND THIS BLOKE LENT US HIS
MOPED - WHICH WAS LUCKY.
IT'S TRUE.
AND NOW I'M HERE.
IS THAT HIM?
OKAY.
COME ON, KATE.
LET'S GET MARRIED.
YOU'RE DRESSED
LIKE A WOMAN.
YES, I WANTED TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT THAT.
IT'S NOT AN ISSUE
- NOT FOR ME -
I DON'T WANT IT TO BE
ONE FOR YOU EITHER.
I'M NOT A POOF, A
COMMON MISCONCEPTION.
IT'S JUST ONCE IN A WHILE
I LIKE TO PUT ON A SKIRT
AND WEAR MAKEUP.
YOU'VE BEEN DRINKING,
HAVEN'T YOU?
I HAVE HAD THE ODD SHERBET OR
TWO TO STEADY THE OLD NERVES
AND WE WOULD HAVE PHONED
TO TELL YOU WHERE WE WERE
BUT HARRY, HIS BLOODY MOBILE
IS FLAT AND BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
YOU'VE TURNED UP LATE AND
YOU'RE DRESSED LIKE A TART!
I'M SORRY. I SHOULD HAVE
MENTIONED IT BEFORE,
BUT IT'S DIFFICULT.
IT'S NOT EASY.
PEOPLE TEND TO
LAUGH... OR CRY.
IT'S A STUPID DARE.
SOME BET WITH THAT HALF-WIT
TOSSER YOU HANG ABOUT WITH.
IT'S ACTUALLY
NOT A DARE.
YES, IT IS, TO
HUMILIATE ME.
KATE... KATE..
YOU'VE SCREWED UP
BIG TIME, BUSTER.
I WANT YOU TO LET
GO OF MY ARM.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
EMBARRASS ME...
ME EMBARRASS YOU!?
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
WHY WOULDN'T IT BE?!
JUST ASKING.
NO, I'M SORRY. I'M NOT
GOING THROUGH WITH THIS.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
MAKE A FOOL OUT OF ME.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO MAKE A
FOOL OUT OF ME, YOU MEAN.
I THINK YOU'RE DOING A
PRETTY GOOD JOB OF THAT
ALL BY YOURSELF.
THAT'S UNKIND.
THIS ISN'T HAPPENING.
I'M SORRY. I SHOULDN'T HAVE
HAD A DRINK. IT'S A FAIR POINT,
BUT I WAS SCARED THAT
YOU MIGHT NOT TURN UP.
YOU WERE SCARED I
WOULDN'T TURN UP?
IF YOU WALK AWAY NOW IT'S
GONNA LOOK REALLY BAD.
NOT FOR ME NECESSARILY
BUT FOR YOU.
THINK ABOUT ALL THOSE
LITTLE VOTERS OUT THERE.
WHEN THE TABLOIDS FIND
OUT THAT YOU WALKED OUT
THEY'RE GOING TO SAY "SHE
DOESN'T KNOW HER OWN MIND.
SHE CAN'T MAKE A DECISION. SHE
WANTS TO RULE THE COUNTRY?"
I'M MARRYING A MAN WHO - UGH,
THAT'S A GOOD DECISION, IS IT?
THAT'S GOING TO MAKE ME LOOK
LIKE A POTENTIAL LEADER, IS IT?
THE BEST THING YOU CAN DO, MY
LOVE, MY DOVE, IS PUT ON A VERY
BIG SMILE AND ACT LIKE
ALL THIS WAS DELIBERATE
AND PLANNED AND WE'LL CHEW THE
FAT ABOUT IT LATER, ALRIGHT?
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?!
DEARLY BELOVED...
WE KNOW ALL THAT; JUST
CUT TO THE VOWS.
THE VOWS!
WE HAVEN'T
GOT ALL DAY.
OUR PLANE LEAVES IN
LESS THAN AN HOUR.
ALL THIS FUSS BECAUSE
I WAS 15 MINUTES LATE.
YOU'RE DRESSED LIKE
A CHRISTMAS TREE.
OH, COME ON, IT'S ME YOU'RE
MARRYING, NOT MY...
WHAT PLANE?
THE PLANE PLANE.
I CALL UPON THEE... NO.
FIRST, IF THERE'S ANYONE HERE
PRESENT KNOW ANY REASONS
WHY THESE HERE PERSONS MAY
NOT BE LAWFULLY MARRIED...
NO. GOOD, NEXT.
WE ARE NOT FLYING
OUT UNTIL TOMORROW.
OH GOD, NO. I MADE A
MISTAKE WITH THE TICKETS.
IT'S NOT TOMORROW IT'S TODAY AND
CHECK IN'S IN LESS THAN AN HOUR.
THE VOWS YOU'RE ABOUT TO TAKE
ARE TO BE MADE IN THE NAME OF
GOD WHO IS THE JUDGE OF ALL
THE SECRETS OF OUR HEARTS.
THEREFORE IF EITHER OF YOU
KNOW A REASON WHY YOU MAY
NOT BE LAWFULLY MARRIED
YOU MUST DECLARE IT NOW.
I HAVEN'T GOT MY
THINGS, I CAN'T GO.
HARRY SENT THE CAR AROUND
TO PICK UP YOUR CLOTHES
AND YOUR
PASSPORT, SO...
WILL YOU TAKE KATHERINE MINOLA
TO BE YOUR LAWFUL WEDDED WIFE?
YEAH, YEAH.
WHAT ABOUT THE
RECEPTION?
WE CAN'T NOT BE AT
OUR OWN RECEPTION.
THEY'LL CELEBRATE WITHOUT US,
IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL, DARLING.
WILL YOU LOVE HER, COMFORT
HER, HONOR AND PROTECT HER,
AND FORSAKING ALL
OTHERS BE FAITHFUL TO HER
AS LONG AS YOU
BOTH SHALL LIVE?
WHAT? YUP.
NO, IT'S "I WILL".
I WILL!!
(BABY CRYING)
...TO BE YOUR LAWFUL
WEDDED HUSBAND.
WILL YOU LOVE HIM, COMFORT
HIM, HONOR AND PROTECT HIM,
AND FORSAKING ALL
OTHERS BE FAITHFUL TO HIM
AS LONG AS YOU
BOTH SHALL LIVE?
SMASH HIS SKULL THROUGH HIS
GULLET AND INTO HIS CHEST CAVITY
AT THE FIRST AVAILABLE
OPPORTUNITY?
OH, YES, I WILL.
WHERE'S THE HONEYMOON,
KATHERINE?
BIG SMILE, PLEASE.
MY WIFE AND I MUST
MAKE TRACKS.
BIG SMILE, EVERYONE.
SAY GOODBYE, KATE.
♪
WHO'D HAVE
THOUGHT IT, EH?
YOUR KATE
GETTING MARRIED.
HE ISN'T ACTUALLY
DERANGED, THAT MAN, IS HE?
BORDERLINE, IT'S
DIFFICULT TO TELL.
STILL, THEY'RE
WELL MATCHED.
AND DO YOU REMEMBER SAYING THAT
WHEN YOUR KATE GOT MARRIED
YOU'D MARRY ME?
HARRY, I DIDN'T SAY
THAT EXACTLY.
AND EVEN IF I DID, YOU
SHOULD NEVER TAKE
ANYTHING I
SAY SERIOUSLY.
I COULDN'T MARRY YOU ANYWAY,
NOT EVEN IF YOU WERE
STUDDED IN DIAMONDS
AND DIPPED IN CHOCOLATE.
I'M ENGAGED...
TO LUCENTIO.
I THINK THAT ALL WENT
RATHER WELL, NO?
YOU CAN'T NOT SPEAK TO ME
FOR THE NEXT 40 YEARS, KATE.
IT'S JUST
NOT FEASIBLE.
OH, YOU THINK IT'S GOING
TO LAST THAT LONG?
I DID TRY TO PUT A SUIT ON,
KATE. I JUST FELT ODD IN IT.
DON'T SPEAK TO ME.
IF I'D HAVE TURNED UP ON TIME
YOU'D HAVE SEEN THE FUNNY SIDE.
YOU WOULD.
WE CAN'T FALL OUT BECAUSE
OF BAD TIMING, KATE.
IF I'D SHOWN UP PISSED,
LET ALONE DRESSED LIKE
A MONKEY'S ASS, WOULD YOU
HAVE SEEN THE FUNNY SIDE?
I HAD A CAREER
UNTIL TODAY.
ALL MY LIFE, EVERYTHING
I'VE EVER DONE,
EVERYTHING I'VE TRIED TO ACHIEVE
YOU JUST SWEPT IT ALL AWAY!
I'VE BECOME ONE OF THOSE SAD
FOOLS WHO GETS REMEMBERED
FOR THE WRONG REASONS.
"OH, YES, KATHERINE MINOLA,
SHE WAS PICKED FOR THE TOP
UNTIL SHE MARRIED THAT FREAK!"
AND THE FUNNY BIT IS SHE ONLY
MARRIED HIM BECAUSE SHE WAS
STUPID ENOUGH TO BE
FLATTERED BY HIS PATHETIC
HALF-ASSED DECLARATIONS
OF LOVE, AND THEN
IT WAS ONLY FIVE MINUTES
BEFORE THEY GOT DIVORCED.
WE'RE GOING ON OUR HONEYMOON,
FOR GOD'S SAKE, WOMAN,
TO HAVE WILD, ATHLETIC
SEX 15 TIMES A NIGHT.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANY MORE
TALK ABOUT DIVORCE, KATE.
I REALLY WOULD PREFER IT IF YOU
DIDN'T SPEAK TO ME ACTUALLY.
THE BEST THING YOU CAN DO, MY
LOVE, IS TO JUST LOOK FORWARD TO
A LONG AND INTERESTING MARRIAGE
WITH A MAN THAT'LL...
THE ONLY REASON I'M
GOING TO ITALY IS BECAUSE
I'VE PAID FOR IT. AS
FAR AS I'M CONCERNED
THIS MARRIAGE IS OVER.
IT NEVER STARTED.
YOU'RE NOT
MY HUSBAND!
AND AS SOON AS I CAN FIND
A DECENT, RESPECTABLE,
UNOBTRUSIVE WAY
OUT OF IT, I SHALL!
FOREPLAY.
WE'RE NOT TOGETHER! THIS
MAN IS HARASSING ME.
IF YOU PUT HIM NEXT
TO ME ON THE PLANE
I SHALL SEE TO IT
THAT YOU GET SACKED.
AREN'T YOU STANDING
FOR THE LEADERSHIP?
NO.
NO...
YOU DO REALIZE THAT I'VE
GOT ALL THE DOCUMENTS
FOR THE CAR
AND THE VILLA?
WHICH I PAID FOR, SO I
SUGGEST YOU HAND IT OVER
AND DISAPPEAR IN A PUFF OF SMOKE
UP YOUR OWN BACKSIDE - FAST!
WHISKEY, PLEASE.
DOUBLE. TRIPLE. BIG.
AND WHATEVER THE
LITTLE LADY WANTS.
AND WHAT DOES THE
LITTLE LADY WANT?
I DUNNO, A KICK
UP THE ASS.
BUCKET OF
CYANIDE.
DO YOU HAVE
A TELEPHONE?
HALLO?
TIM? IT'S KATHERINE.
I'M PULLING OUT OF THE
LEADERSHIP CONTEST.
I WANT YOU TO TELL
THE COMMITTEE.
I DON'T THINK
YOU SHOULD.
JUST DO IT. I'LL
SEE YOU NEXT WEEK.
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
(PHONE RINGING)
HELLO?
HARRY? IT'S ME. WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
OH, JUST WEIGHING UP THE PROS
AND CONS OF SLITTING MY WRISTS.
GET TO HEATHROW AND GET
ON THE FIRST AVAILABLE
FLIGHT TO ITALY YOU CAN
GET YOUR HANDS ON.
WHAT FOR?
I CAN'T SPEND A WEEK ON
MY OWN WITH THIS WOMAN.
SHE'LL DRIVE ME NUTS.
DO YOU BLAME HER?
WE'VE GOT A HUGE VILLA
WITH FIVE BEDROOMS,
WE MIGHT AS WELL
MAKE THE BEST OF IT.
SHE WANTS A BAD MARRIAGE,
I'M GONNA GIVE HER ONE!
AND THEN I'M GOING
TO TAME THE BITCH.
♪
HELLO.
YOU HAVE A
GOOD JOURNEY?
NO, WE HAD
A PUNCTURE.
WHERE IS
YOUR HUSBAND?
WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING AT?
PLEASE IGNORE HIM, HE'S
HAD TOO MUCH TO DRINK.
EXCUSE ME, MADAM?
IS THIS OKAY
IN ENGLAND?
WHAT, DRINKING
TOO MUCH?
NO, BUT I PLAN TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT EVENTUALLY.
OH, YOU MEAN...
NO, NOT EXACTLY.
COME ON, I WANT
TO LIE DOWN.
I'LL SHOW
YOU AROUND.
NO NEED.
RING ME IF YOU
NEED ANYTHING.
YES, THANK YOU.
I WILL.
THIS IS ALL
VERY POSH.
OW!
KEEP OUT OF MY WAY.
I'LL BRING THE BAGS
IN THEN, MY LOVE.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO LIKE THIS.
I THINK I LEFT YOUR LUGGAGE
AT THE AIRPORT AT PISA.
WELL, I DID.
I SEE IT NOW...
YOURS WAS ON THE TROLLEY
AND THEN I PUT MINE IN
AND THEN I JUST CLOSED THE
TRUNK WITHOUT THINKING.
NO. I PUT MY PACK INTO
THE CAR AT PISA.
OH.
NO, YOU COULDN'T HAVE BECAUSE
IT'S NOT THERE NOW.
YOU!
ALRIGHT, WELL, YOU'LL
HAVE TO RING THE AIRPORT.
THERE'S NO PHONE.
MY MOBILE, IT'S IN THE CAR.
NO, IT ISN'T.
THEN YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO DRIVE TO THE VILLAGE.
WITH THE AMOUNT
I'VE HAD TO DRINK?
YOU'LL HAVE TO
WALK THERE THEN.
IN THESE HEELS?
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH
MY MOBILE, YOU MORON?
OKAY, FINE.
I'LL WEAR SOME OF YOUR
CLOTHES - YOUR OTHER CLOTHES
- AND THEN I WILL DRIVE
DOWN TO THE VILLAGE.
I COULDN'T POSSIBLY
LET YOU DO THAT.
WHAT?
WEAR MY CLOTHES.
SEVERAL THOUSAND LEAGUES
BENEATH YOUR DIGNITY, SURELY.
OH, DON'T TALK CRAP.
JUST GO AND GET THEM.
THERE'S ANOTHER LITTLE
PROBLEM WITH THE CAR.
WHAT?
ALL THE TIRES ARE FLAT.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
SO WE'RE SORT OF
A BIT STRANDED.
♪
YOU'VE JUST LET THE
AIR OUT, HAVEN'T YOU?
ME?
IS THERE A FOOT
PUMP ANYWHERE?
THERE MAY HAVE BEEN, BUT
AS TO ITS WHEREABOUTS...
YOU DO REALIZE THAT WE
HAVEN'T GOT ANY FOOD?
WHAT DO WE NEED FOOD FOR - WE
HAVE LOVE TO KEEP US GOING.
I'M GOING TO GO
AND LIE DOWN.
OH! HARRY'S COMING.
HERE? WHEN?
TODAY OR TOMORROW.
YOU INVITED YOUR FRIEND
ON OUR HONEYMOON -
NOT THAT IT'S ANY
KIND OF A HONEYMOON!
OH, THERE'S
LOTS OF ROOM!
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU, WOMAN?
THE MORE
THE MERRIER!
I'M GONNA GO LIE DOWN,
GET MYSELF TOGETHER.
THEN I'M GONNA RIP YOUR KNICKERS
OFF AND HAVE SEX WITH YOU.
♪
KATE!
I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T BE ABLE
TO KEEP AWAY FROM ME.
I'M TRYING TO SLEEP,
YOU MORON!
I KNOW A CURE
FOR THAT.
WELL, IT MIGHT NOT CURE IT, BUT
IT'LL HELP TO PASS THE TIME.
IF YOU THINK I'M GOING TO BE
INTIMIDATED BY A FECKLESS
NON-ENTITY LIKE YOU, YOU'VE GOT
ANOTHER THING COMING.
COME AND SIT ON ME.
WHERE'S THE FOOT PUMP?
OH KATE, WE DON'T NEED
ARTIFICIAL STIMULANTS.
PUMP ME UP AS
MUCH AS YOU LIKE.
IN FACT I CAN'T WAIT
TO GET STARTED.
DON'T YOU DARE
TOUCH ME, YOU OAF!
WAIT, COME BACK.
KEEP AWAY
FROM ME!
HOW LONG ARE YOU
GONNA KEEP THIS UP?
WHERE'S MY SUITCASE?
IT'S IN PISA.
YOU'RE A LIAR!
SO SUE ME.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IT'S MY WEDDING NIGHT, I'M ALL
ALONE WITH MY BEAUTIFUL WIFE,
WHAT MIGHT I POSSIBLY
BE THINKING?
IF YOU TOUCH ME
I'LL SCREAM.
PROMISE?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW
LONG I'VE WAITED FOR THIS.
DON'T YOU DARE!
YOU'VE TEASED ME
LONG ENOUGH!
FINE! OKAY, GET
ON WITH IT THEN!
I'VE LONGED FOR THIS MOMENT
SINCE THE FIRST TIME
I CLAPPED EYES
ON YOU.
FINE! DO IT!
I'M GOING TO!
DO IT THEN!
ARE YOU READY?
WHEN YOU ARE.
NO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHAT?
I CAN'T DO IT.
CAN'T YOU?
NOT EVEN IF YOU BEG. YOU
CAN GET DOWN ON YOUR
HANDS AND KNEES AND
GROVEL BUT IT'S NO GOOD.
FORGET IT. I'M NOT GONNA
HAVE SEX WITH YOU
UNTIL YOU SAY
SOMETHING NICE TO ME.
SAY SOMETHING
NICE TO ME?
RIGHT. FINE,
FORGET IT.
THIS THING, YOU NOTICE
AFTER A WHILE THIS PATTERN
YOU START TO SEE AND IT'S LIKE
TIME AFTER TIME, WITH WOMEN,
I CAN SEE THEIR INNER BEAUTY
BUT THEY NEVER SEE MINE, EVER.
THEY DON'T EVEN
SPOT A GLIMPSE OF IT.
THEY'RE NOT
EVEN LOOKING.
WITH SOMEONE LIKE BIANCA,
YOU KNOW, SHE'S GORGEOUS
AND SHE GETS EVERYTHING AND
I'M JUST A BIT BLOODY ORDINARY
AND I GET NOTHING.
I'M STILL ALWAYS ON THE
OUTSIDE LOOKING IN
AND SHE'S JUST IN THERE - BEING,
DOING ANYTHING SHE WANTS
WITH ANYONE
SHE WANTS TO.
I REALLY DO BELIEVE THAT
NOBODY KNOWS HER LIKE I DO.
NOBODY'S RIGHT
FOR HER LIKE I AM.
NOBODY CAN GIVE
HER MORE THAN I CAN.
AM I DELUDING
MYSELF?
ARE YOU NOT
EATING THAT?
SO, PLAN B - I MIGHT
MARRY A RICH WIDOW.
YOU KNOW ANY?
I'M COMPILING A LIST.
KATE!
HARRY'S BROUGHT US BREAD,
CHEESE, WINE, OLIVES.
ALL DIFFERENT
KINDS OF MEAT.
OH, WELL, YOU
WOULDN'T HAVE LIKED IT.
THE OTHER GOOD NEWS IS HARRY'S
BROUGHT YOUR SUITCASE
ALL THE WAY FROM PISA.
HAVE I?
I'LL GO AND HAVE
A LOOK FOR IT.
NO, NO, NOTHING'S
TOO MUCH TROUBLE.
NOT FOR YOU, MY LOVE.
TALK TO OUR FRIEND.
ENTERTAIN HIM.
TELL HIM SOME OF
YOUR DIRTY JOKES.
TRY NOT TO LAUGH
TOO LOUD, HARRY.
DON'T DISTURB THE
BATS AND THE WOLVES.
CAN I HAVE ONE OF
YOUR CIGARETTES?
YEAH!
IT WAS GENUINE, YOU KNOW,
YESTERDAY MORNING,
THE REASON WE
WERE LATE.
AND HE GOT DRUNK
BECAUSE... I DON'T KNOW.
HE WAS FRIGHTENED.
OF WHAT?
WHATEVER IT IS THAT PEOPLE
GET FRIGHTENED ABOUT
ON THEIR WEDDING DAY.
YOU SEE, WHAT YOU HAVEN'T
GRASPED YET ABOUT HIM
IS THAT UNDERNEATH IT ALL
HE'S JUST AN UNSTABLE,
UNBALANCED
EXHIBITIONIST
WHO NEEDS SOMEONE TO
THINK THE WORLD OF HIM.
I THINK I'VE
GRASPED THAT NOW.
WHAT ABOUT
THE CLOTHES?
HE HAS THESE
TENDENCIES.
BUT WHY NOT TALK TO ME
ABOUT IT BEFORE? OR AFTER?
JUST NOT THERE, ON THE DAY,
IN FRONT OF EVERYBODY.
HE DIDN'T WANT
TO LIE TO YOU.
I KNOW THE
TIMING WAS CRAP.
BUT MAYBE HE WAS WORRIED THAT
IF HE DID EVERYTHING PROPERLY
YOU MIGHT MISTAKE HIM
FOR ONE OF THE GROWNUPS.
BECAUSE HE ISN'T ONE.
AND HE NEVER WILL BE.
HE'S PROBABLY NO MORE THAN
ABOUT SIX I SHOULD THINK.
BLESS HIM.
BUT HE DOES THINK THE WORLD OF
YOU IN HIS OWN STRANGE WAY.
MY CAREER'S RUINED.
WHAT MAKES
YOU SAY THAT?
COME ON.
WHAT?
LOOK, IF YOU'RE AS BIG A FISH
AS EVERYBODY RECKONS YOU ARE,
YOU BEING MARRIED TO AN
ECCENTRIC ARISTOCRAT'S
HARDLY GONNA THROW A SPANNER
IN THE WORKS, IS IT?
NOT IN YOUR
PARTY ANYWAY.
WHY DID YOU
MARRY HIM?
BECAUSE IT'D
LOOK GOOD?
OR DO YOU ACTUALLY
LOVE HIM?
THEN IS YOUR CAREER REALLY
MORE IMPORTANT THAN THAT?
WELL...
YES, OF
COURSE IT IS.
OH.
OKAY.
IS IT?
NO.
HERE YOU ARE, KATE...
ALL THE WAY FROM PISA.
HE'S GONNA THROW IT ALL IN THE
SWIMMING POOL, ISN'T HE?
HE'S GONNA TAUNT ME WITH A
WEEK'S WORTH OF CLEAN KNICKERS
AND THEN TOSS IT ALL
INTO THE POOL.
I WOULD IMAGINE
THAT'S... YEAH.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO, KATE,
IS BE NICE TO ME
UNRESERVEDLY,
WITHOUT SARCASM,
AND YOU HAVE LESS THAN
TEN SECONDS TO DO IT.
NINE...
EIGHT...
SEVEN...
SIX...
FIVE...
FOUR...
THREE...
TWO...
ONE...
AND A HALF...
I DON'T WEAR
KNICKERS ANYWAY.
NOT WHEN I'M
ON HOLIDAY.
RIGHT.
(BIRDS SINGING)
WHERE'S MY
MOBILE PHONE?
IN THE CLOAK
CLOSET.
WITH THE
FOOT PUMP.
WELL, YOU'RE GOING TO BE BUSY
THIS MORNING, AREN'T YOU?
HOW BRIGHTLY
SHINES THE MOON.
THAT'S THE SUN,
YOU PILLOCK.
OH. IS IT?
(ROOSTER CROWING)
YOU SHOULDN'T
CONTRADICT ME.
TALK BOLLOCKS.
WHY? BECAUSE
YOU WON'T LIKE IT?
I'D LIKE AN APOLOGY
FOR ALL THE NONSENSE
YOU'VE SUBJECTED ME TO
SINCE WE GOT HERE.
ME APOLOGIZE?
AND IF I SAY THAT'S THE
MOON IT'S THE MOON. OKAY?
HOW DO YOU WORK
THAT OUT, THEN?
YOU'RE MY WIFE, YOU AGREE
WITH EVERYTHING I SAY.
DO I? EVEN WHEN
YOU'RE WRONG?
ESPECIALLY THEN.
I NEVER AM WRONG SO IT'S
NOT REALLY AN ISSUE.
GOOD. I'M GLAD YOU THINK
YOU'VE SORTED THAT OUT.
AND WE'LL HAVE NO MORE
TALK OF DIVORCE EITHER.
IS THAT ABSOLUTELY
CLEAR, KATE?
KATE? KATE?
KATE!
NO, NO MORE
TALK OF DIVORCE.
I'M GONNA MAKE
YOU BREAKFAST.
YOU KNOW, THAT WAS...
I HAVE TO SAY...
FOR A VIRGIN THAT
WAS REALLY...
WELL, YOU WERE.
I WAS GIVEN TO UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU WERE.
YOU'RE NOT?
IT'S INAPPROPRIATE
OF YOU TO ASK
AND I'M DISAPPOINTED THAT
YOU FEEL THE NEED TO.
I'M GONNA MAKE
SOME BREAKFAST.
WEDDINGS ARE SUCH A GOOD EXCUSE
TO HAVE FUN AND SPEND MONEY.
I KNOW, I SHOULD DO
IT MUCH MORE OFTEN.
SPEAKING OF
GETTING MARRIED.
WHAT?
YOU?
MOMMY!
SENIOR BENTEVOLI?
WE'VE NOT MET. I'M
QUENTIN CRABTREE.
(ITALIAN TRANSLATOR)
I'M BIANCA MINOLA'S
LEGAL ADVISOR.
I'M HERE FOR YOU TO SIGN THE
PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENT.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO
TAKE YOU THROUGH IT?
ORDER! ORDER!
THE RIGHT HONORABLE PILLOCK
IS TALKING THE BIGGEST LOAD
OF OLD COMPOST
I'VE EVER HEARD!
RIGHT HONORABLE MEMBER
KNOWS AS WELL AS I DO THAT
LANGUAGE OF THAT KIND WILL
NOT BE TOLERATED IN THE HOUSE
AND I SUGGEST SHE
WITHDRAWS THE STATEMENT.
BUT MR. SPEAKER, THE
POINT NEEDS SPELLING OUT
IN LANGUAGE THAT THIS
IDIOT UNDERSTANDS!
YOU WILL WITHDRAW THE STATEMENT
AND APOLOGIZE TO THE MINISTER
AND THIS IS THE LAST
TIME I SHALL SAY IT.
(PHONE RINGING)
HALLO?
YES, SHE WANTS TO SEE YOU ON
WEDNESDAY AT TEN PAST TEN.
CAN I ASK YOU TO BE PROMPT,
SHE'S GOT A VERY HECTIC WEEK
THIS WEEK FINALIZING
HER SHADOW CABINET.
MUCH APPRECIATED,
BYE BYE.
WHERE'S MY WOMAN?
PARLIAMENT SITTING.
WE HAVE A WEDDING
TO GET TO.
SHE KNOWS THAT.
FAT NORTHERN IDIOT!
OH, HAVE YOU HAD ANOTHER
SPAT WITH KEITH ASPINAL?
DON'T YOU START.
TELL HER, REMIND HER
THAT IF IT WASN'T FOR ME
TAKING NO NOTICE OF HER
AT A KEY DRAMATIC MOMENT
SHE WOULDN'T BE IN THE
POSITION SHE'S IN NOW.
KATE? TELL ME THIS
AND TELL ME TRULY,
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A FAIRER
LOOKING MAID THAN THIS?
STOP IT.
WHAT WAR OF RED AND
WHITE WITHIN HER CHEEKS.
WHAT STARS DO SPANGLE
HEAVEN WITH SUCH BEAUTY
AS THOSE TWO EYES
BECOME, LAD?
HEAVENLY FACE.
YES, INDEED. A FRESHER
LOOKING CHICKEN I NEVER SAW.
I'M NOT GAY.
KEEP TELLING
YOURSELF THAT, KID.
KISS ME, KATE!
NOT HERE.
WHY NOT HERE?
ARE YOU ASHAMED?
NO.
GOOD GOD! A MAN CAN'T
KISS HIS OWN WIFE
JUST BECAUSE THERE'S A FEW
RANK AND FILE KNOCKING ABOUT!
IT'S A SAD DAY FOR...
DON'T MIND US.
I'M GONNA BE ABOUT
THREE HOURS.
TRY TO RESIST ANY URGES YOU
GET TO USE YOUR INITIATIVE.
(PHONE RINGING)
THE LEADER OF THE
OPPOSITION'S OFFICE.
TIM SPEAKING.
OH! FORGOT TO TELL YOU!
HARRY'S GOT A NEW WOMAN.
HE'S BRINGING HER
TO THE WEDDING.
YOU'RE KIDDING. MY
MOTHER'S GOT A NEW MAN
AND SHE'S BRINGING
HIM TO THE WEDDING.
BLIMEY, DOES HE KNOW WHAT
HE'S LET HIMSELF IN FOR?
ARE YOU TRYING TO IMPLY
SOMETHING ABOUT MY MOTHER?
OH, COME ON!
SO WHO'S THIS BLIND OLD COW
THAT HARRY'S CAUGHT UP WITH?
ARE YOU TRYING TO IMPLY
SOMETHING ABOUT MY BEST FRIEND?
I WASN'T TRYING
I WAS IMPLYING SOMETHING
ABOUT YOUR BEST FRIEND.
EVERYTHING YOU SAY
STINKS OF VENOM.
VENOM HAS
NO SMELL.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH MY MOTHER?
YOU TELL ME. YOU'RE
THE ONE WHO'S FOREVER
SLAGGING HER OFF.
HE ISN'T YOUR BEST
FRIEND, BY THE WAY.
HE THINKS
YOU'RE A JERK.
HELLO, MOMMY.
CANCELED? WHY?
YES. YES, WE'LL BE WITH
YOU IN 15 MINUTES.
THIS IS THE 21ST CENTURY, PAL,
AND IT'S TIME YOU GOT ON BOARD
IF YOU WANT TO HANG
AROUND WITH ME!
(TRANSLATOR)
IT'S A WISE PRECAUTION SIGNING
A PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENT.
IT'S NOT, IT STINKS.
ARE YOU ARGUING
WITH ME, HARRY?
DAMN!
WHAT?
WE THOUGHT WE WERE GOING
TO MEET YOUR NEW BLOKE.
YEAH, I THOUGHT WE WERE GONNA
MEET YOUR NEW WOMAN.
YOU HAVE.
WE DRANK CHAMPAGNE
TOGETHER ONE EVENING
AND REALIZED WE'D ALWAYS HAD
A THING ABOUT ONE ANOTHER.
BUT YOU'RE OLD ENOUGH TO
BE HIS MOTHER, MOTHER.
HARDLY.
AND HE'S A SPIFF.
PERSONAL MANAGER,
DARLING.
NOT ONLY THAT, WE'RE
ENGAGED TO BE MARRIED.
GOOD GOD.
YOU WANT TO BE CAREFUL. SHE'LL
HAVE YOU SIGNING A PRENUP NEXT.
I DON'T THINK SO.
I THINK IT'S A
WISE PRECAUTION.
IT ASSUMES THINGS ARE
GONNA GO WRONG.
IT DOESN'T!
IT'S UNNECESSARY
THEN.
OH, FOR GOD'S SAKE.
IT ASSUMES THINGS MAY GO WRONG
WHICH IS A VERY DIFFERENT THING.
WE LIVE IN AN AGE
OF DIVORCE.
IT'S FOOLISH TO IGNORE
THE STATISTICS.
SHE'S A VERY
RICH WOMAN.
LOOK, JUST GET MARRIED
OR DON'T GET MARRIED.
KEEP IT SIMPLE, EH?
WHAT DO YOU
THINK, KATHERINE?
DID YOU SIGN A PRENUPTIAL
AGREEMENT?
NO. IT DIDN'T
OCCUR TO ME TO.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
KATHERINE, SERIOUSLY...
IS IT SO WRONG IN THIS DAY AND
AGE FOR A SUCCESSFUL WOMAN -
ANY WOMAN - TO TRY AND
PROTECT HERSELF BY ASKING
THE MAN SHE MARRIES TO SIGN
A LITTLE LEGAL DOCUMENT?
OF COURSE IT ISN'T WRONG,
THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT!
IT ISN'T, IS IT,
KATHERINE?
IT'S PERFECTLY REASONABLE AND
OBVIOUS AND SENSIBLE AND FAIR.
ISN'T IT?
I THINK YOU SHOULD FROWN
LESS TO BEGIN WITH,
OTHERWISE
YOU'LL PUT HIM OFF.
THAT'S PRICELESS
COMING FROM YOU.
I THINK THAT YOUR HUSBAND
IS YOUR LORD AND YOUR LIFE
AND YOUR KEEPER.
EXCUSE ME?
HE'S THE BOSS.
DAY IN, DAY OUT HE SUBMITS
HIS BODY TO PAINFUL LABOR.
UH, NO HE DOESN'T.
AND ALL WE DO IS SIT AT HOME IN
FRONT OF THE TELLY ALL DAY
EATING CHOCOLATES.
I KNOW I DO, WHEN I'M NOT
RUNNING THE COUNTRY.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'VE BEEN LIKE YOU -
ARGUMENTATIVE, OBNOXIOUS,
BAD-TEMPERED - AND WHAT
GOOD DID IT DO ME? HEY?
I THINK YOU SHOULD DO
WHATEVER HE TELLS YOU TO DO
WHENEVER HE
TELLS YOU TO DO IT.
I MEAN, GOOD LORD. HOW COULD
WE EVER BE EQUAL TO THEM?
THEY'RE BIG, NOISY,
AND OPINIONATED
AND WE'RE LITTLE AND
NOISY AND OPINIONATED.
IT'S SO OBVIOUS I'M SURPRISED
I'M HAVING TO SPELL IT OUT.
YEAH. HOWEVER, BACK
IN THE REAL WORLD...
BACK IN THE REAL WORLD I
THINK YOU SHOULD BE PREPARED
TO PLACE YOUR HANDS BELOW
YOUR HUSBAND'S FEET
IN TOKEN OF
YOUR DUTY TO HIM
AND NOT ASK HIM TO SIGN ANY
BLOODY SILLY AGREEMENTS.
IF YOU DON'T FEEL
THAT YOU CAN DO THAT
THEN YOU SHOULDN'T BE
MARRYING HIM, FRANKLY.
GO ON, THEN. YOU DO IT. PLACE
YOUR HANDS BENEATH HIS...
I WOULD. IF HE
ASKED ME TO.
BUT HE WON'T ASK ME
TO BECAUSE HE FEELS
EXACTLY THE SAME WAY ABOUT
ME AND HE WOULDN'T EXPECT
ANYTHING FROM ME THAT I
WOULDN'T EXPECT FROM HIM.
WOULD YOU?
YUP.
NO.
PROBABLY NOT.
SO, NO. WE DIDN'T DO A
PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENT.
DO YOU REALLY NOT REGRET
SIGNING THE POSTNATAL THINGIE?
NO.
BESIDES WHICH THEY'RE NOT WORTH
THE PAPER THEY'RE WRITTEN ON.
THE JUDICIARY DID TRY
TO PERSUADE GOVERNMENT
TO PASS SOME LEGISLATION
TO MAKE THEM MORE BINDING
BUT THEY'VE GOT BETTER
THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT.
BUT IF THEY WERE MORE
BINDING, WOULD YOU?
NO... NO.
OH, YES. I SHOULD
HAVE SAID EARLIER...
I'M PREGNANT.
WHAT?
YES.
OH, THAT'S AMAZING!
HOWEVER, YOU'LL HAVE
TO LOOK AFTER THEM
BECAUSE I'M NOT
GIVING UP MY CAREER.
THAT'S FINE.
I'M NOT CONVINCED.
YOU'LL FEED THEM ALL CHICKEN
AND THROW THEM IN A POND
TO SEE IF THEY FLOAT OR LEAVE
THEM ON A BUS SOMEWHERE.
MY GOD, I'M GONNA SHAG
YOU RIGHT HERE RIGHT NOW.
GO ON.
I WILL.
I DARE YOU.
THEM?
IT'S TRIPLETS.
♪